blues,acoustic blues
world,africa
rock,alternative
country,alternative country
classical,arabesque
world,asia
world,australia/south pacific
classical,baroque
country,bluegrass
ALL_MUSIC,blues
india,bollywood
south america,brazil
europe,celtic
world,central america/carribean
blues,chicago blues
ALL_MUSIC,childrens' music
electro,chillout/trip-hop/lounge
asia,china
blues,classic blues
ALL_MUSIC,classical
classical,classical period
r&b/soul/funk,contemporary r&b
r&b/soul/funk,contemporary soul
ALL_MUSIC,country
blues,country blues
electro,dance
dance,dancefloor
reggae,dancehall/ragga
blues,delta blues
hip hop,dirty south
ALL_MUSIC,disco
reggae,dub
dance,dubstep
classical,early music
hip hop,east coast
blues,electric blues
ALL_MUSIC,electro
hip hop,electro hip hop
electro,electro pop/electro rock
techno/house,entekhno
world,europe
films/games,film scores
soundtracks,films/games
europe,finnish folk
pop,flamenco pop
europe,france
r&b/soul/funk,funk
films/games,game scores
ALL_MUSIC,hip hop
country,honky tonk
europe,hungarian folk
asia,india
pop,indie pop
pop,indie pop/folk
rock,indie rock
rock,indie rock/rock pop
jazz,instrumental jazz
pop,international pop
europe,isklema
ALL_MUSIC,jazz
hip hop,jazz hip hop
europe,laiko
europe,levenslied
africa,magreb
rock,metal/hardrock
world,middle east
classical,modern
classical,musicals
europe,nederlandstalige volksmuziek
childrens' music,nursery rhymes
ALL_MUSIC,old school
r&b/soul/funk,old school r&b
r&b/soul/funk,old school soul
classical,opera
europe,pizzica
ALL_MUSIC,pop
world,protest folk
ALL_MUSIC,r&b/soul/funk
central america/carribean,reggae
reggae,reggaetron
classical,renaissance
ALL_MUSIC,rock
rock,rock & roll/rockabilly
pop,romantic
pop,schlager
central america/carribean,ska
ALL_MUSIC,soundtracks
world,south america
ALL_MUSIC,stories
europe,tammurriata
europe,tarantella
electro,techno/house
country,traditional country
electro,trance
world,turkish classical
world,turkish folk
soundtracks,tv soundtracks
country,urban cowboy
jazz,vocal jazz
hip hop,west coast
ALL_MUSIC,world
